Fixed tabs to be able to select tab by default (#447)
CoherentLabs/GameUIComponents: components/tabs/README.md

~~~~

To overwrite the default styles, simply create new rules for the class names that
you wish to change and include them after the default styles.

## Selecting a tab

> To set a tab as the default, add the `selected` attribute to one `tab-heading` and its corresponding `tab-panel`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set a tab as the default, add the `selected` attribute to the `tab-heading` that needs to be selected and its corresponding `tab-panel`.

```

Author: Fixed
